#### The problem that the software will solve:
This software allows users to store the contact details of people they want to keep in touch with. This is by assigning a contact with a name, email address and phone number. This means that when the user meets someone and they would like to store these contact details, they have a well organised place to do so in: their address book. Having all their contacts in one place solves the issue of not knowing where to look for different people's contact details when the user wants to get in touch with them.
#### The benefits that the software will bring to the user:
One benefit that the software will bring is that having a digital address book eradicates the risk of physically losing an address book. Although the digital version still has risks such as accidentally deleting all contacts, there are measures to be put in place to minimise those risks so that losing contacts in a digital address book is far less likely to occur than losing a physical address book. This is a big benefit to the user as it ensures that they have their contacts' details safe and available to them at all times.

Another benefit of this software is that it is very accessible. The user is able to retrieve the address book on any device which is compatible at any time. This is very convenient as it means that the user does not have to carry a physical book everywhere when they need the contact information of people they need to communicate with. This added convenience is a massive benefit because carrying a physical book with you isn't always possible, therefore having a digital address book makes it more accessible at all times.

Thirdly, a digital address book offers the user the ability to search for a contact simply by entering their name, email or phone number. This is of great benefit to the user as it would save them a lot of time. Within a physical address book, it is difficult to rearrange the order of contacts and therefore it is more time consuming to flick through pages manually looking for a contact that is randomly placed as opposed to simply searching for them in a digital version.
#### The impact that the software will have on the customer's business:
This software is the second product that DFCorp has launched on the market. Offering multiple products to consumers increases the market reach of the organisation. In this case, consumers who may not have been interested in purchasing a Secret Diary may be interested in purchasing an Address Book. Customers initially interested in one of the two products can be persuaded to purchase both rather than just one. This could be achieved by offering special deals if a customer purchases both products, for example. Having a wider range of products also helps to increase customer loyalty because customers who need both a diary and an address book are able to purchase them from one place. In turn, this increases the Lifetime Value (LTV), which helps to build the brand as customers purchase more of their items from DFCorp. These factors lead to revenue growth and increased profits as the company makes more sales. Adding more products helps to retain customers as there is less need to shop elsewhere, making them more likely to buy more products from this business. Overall, the main impacts of having more products are expected to be positive: increased revenue and profits.

